Well that was a lot of work.
We finish this module,
we greatly enhanced the styling of this application
where are we now really have a beautiful application with a nice authentication screen where we can't
authenticate yet but that will change. Where we have a responsive design, where we have different icons
depending on whether we're on iOS or Android and where we have this beautiful animation which doesn't
load the list here because I haven't added items. A lot was covered and obviously, you can dive deeper
and I encourage you to do so, dive into the official docs which I'll all link at the end of this module
and play around with these things,
you've got to practice them. Styling react native applications is maybe the hardest thing you can do because
there's so many things to watch out for to make sure it works nice on all different devices and platforms
but it's worth the effort,
you want to provide a good user experience in the end.
We spend enough time here, so let's move on and let's see what else we can do on our application to turn
it into a better and better native application.